1.Singleton is when there is only one instance of the object in the program and is referenced throughout
    the code. Factory is creating a default default without needing the specific class to be called.
    An object if fist made into a default class and then given specifics to override the default. Builder
    is used in modifying the object as it can be built. It is given specifics to create a class. Facade
    method is about showing a simple interface to the user to hide a more complex interface that you
    want to protect. Prototype method uses a base class that you copy when you want to make a new
    instance of that object.

2. ART uses AOT(Ahead of Time) approach which compiles the code at the time of installation of the app.
    Dalvik uses JIT(Just in Time) approach which only compiles code as you need it. This causes Dalvik
    to use less space, be faster in booting, and have better battery usage. AOT has a better garbage
    collection than Dalvik.

3. The android manifest contains essential information about your app that is read by the android system.
    This information can be services, broadcast receivers, activities or content providers.

4. Runtime is when the executable is running while compile time is when the code is converted to the
    executable

5. Dp is the density independent pixel and it is based on the screen density. Sp is used based on the
    user font size. Px is based on a standard pixel size. Pt is 1/72 of an inch in respect to the
    screen size. Mm is millimeters in respect to screen size. In is in inches with respect to the screen size.

6.The Linux kernel which is the base foundation. It deals with key security, drivers and low level
    memory management. The Hardware Abstraction Layer is the interface that allows higher level interfaces
    to communicate to drivers and hardware. Android runtime contains the core libraries as well as
    garbage collection. Native C/C++ Libraries hold all libraries that Andriod uses that were originally
    written in C/C++. The Java API Framework is the feature set that are the building blocks to make
    apps. This lets you use the OS to build these apps. The system apps are all applications on the
    phone.

7. Reflection is a method that allows you to view and change classes and inheritances at runtime.
    You can instantiate new objects and invoke methods.

8.The gradle is a build software that evaluates each file and determines when to run the code as well
    as manage the class paths of the project. It also determines when pieces of code need to be rebuilt
    based on input. It is creating the sequence of how your project should run.
